Notes: employees are in Julie713 db
       dogs question 8 are in join db

1)
  A subquery is a query that is nested inside a SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, or
  DELETE statement, or inside another subquery. A subquery can be used anywhere
  an expression is allowed.

2)
  Subqueries within the SELECT clause are most often used to retrieve a
  calculation using an aggregate function, when you do not want the aggregate
  function to apply to the main query.

3)
  A subquery can be used to look for things from table A given conditions from
  table B. When using a subquery with a NOT EXISTS will return NULL. You do not
  need to worry about returning duplicates. It will also not look through all
  entries when a condition is met making it a lot faster then JOIN tables.

4)
  A row constructor is an expression that builds a row using values for its
  member fields. It will return a row with the attributes that you put into it.

5)
  If there are no failures but at least one right-hand row yields NULL
  for the operator's result the result of the comparison will be NULL not true
6)
  IN: The result of IN is true if any matching subquery row is found otherwise
  the result is false if no match row is found. If the subquery returns no rows,
  the result is also false. However if the left hand side evaluates to NULL the
  result will be NULL

  NOT IN: The subquery must return exactly 0 matching rows.

  ANY & SOME: Are equivalent. Each is a boolean operator returning true or false
  depending on whether or not one or more subquery rows is found to match the
  given expression. Both return true provided that at least one matching row is
  found

  ALL: For all to return true either every result returned by the subquery must
  match the given condition or the subquery must return no rows.

  EXISTS: if the subquery returns at least one row the EXISTS returns true.
  Otherwise it returns false.

  NOT EXISTS: If the subquery does not return at least one row the EXISTS
  returns true, otherwise it returns false.

7)
  List all employees and all shifts.
    ????????????
  Create a list of all possible schedules.
    SELECT employee.name shift.hours FROM employee, shift;

8)
  Create a list of all volunteers. If the volunteer is fostering a dog, include
  each dog as well.
      SELECT first_name, dog_name FROM volunteers
        WHERE EXISTS
        (SELECT dog_name FROM volunteers WHERE fostering_dog = true);

  List the adopter’s name and the pet’s name for each animal adopted within the
  past month to be displayed as a ‘Happy Tail’ on social media.

    SELECT d.dog_name, a.first_name
    FROM dogs d, adoptions a
    WHERE d.foster_id = a.foster_id AND date_adopted > CURRENT_DATE - INTERVAL '1 months';

  Create a list of adopters who have not yet chosen a dog to adopt and generate all possible combinations of adopters and available dogs.

  Display a list of all cats and all dogs who have not been adopted.
  Create a list of volunteers who are available to foster. If they currently are fostering a dog, include the dog. Also include all dogs who are not currently in foster homes.

  SELECT first_name, FROM volunteers v, dogs d WHERE v.fostering_dog = false AND d.foster_id = 0;
